welcome our team of professionals
congratulate you on your purchase Cara
premium it will rebuild restore and
rejuvenate your hair leaving it shiny
and silky smooth carotene from Brazil is
the real solution for all your hair
needs you can apply it yourself in six
easy steps for best results is important
that you apply the product correctly and
use it as directed but don't worry it's
simple to apply this video will guide
you on how to use the care premium kit
without the help of anyone are going to
a salon check out how easy it is
KP clin shampoo wash your hair with KP
clin shampoo repeat the process for
better results wash thoroughly but
remember do not use conditioner
blow dryer remove seventy percent of the
humidity of the hair with the help of a
blow dryer
keep us natural for a little of KP with
natural in a small bowl split your hair
into sections start from the neck up use
a brush starting half an inch from the
hair root put the brush apply the
product evenly and make sure there's no
excess of the solution lap keep it in
your hair for no longer than five
minutes Beauty ultrasonic if you have a
beauty ultrasonic this is the perfect
time to make use of it if you don't own
one yet it's okay just jump the step 4
as you know the beauty ultrasonic is not
a ceramic flat iron there is no heat so
won't damage your hair instead it uses
an infrared light that makes the
absorption of the cure premium product
even stronger once again divide your
hair into sections and slowly apply the
beauty or to sonic until the red light
dense repeat the process on the other
sections of your hair and remember to
keep the hair slightly damp and if
necessary use a spray bottle
blow dryer with a hair dryer set to hot
dryer hair with the help of a brush if
it becomes hard to brush you can make
use of a spray bottle again to keep it
slightly damp make sure that the hair is
100-percent dry before moving on to step
ceramic iron use a ceramic iron to
finish the process do it section by
section once again wait for five minutes
before going to the next and final step
KP shampoo and conditioner first remove
the product from your hair with warm
water proceed with the KP shampoo and
rinse now apply the KP conditioner
remove the excess water and dry your
hair with a blow dryer that's it enjoy
your beautifully carotene treated
straight and shiny hair now it's even
easier to achieve the hair of your
dreams kara premium now it's ready to be
styled to your taste kara premium
you